Q1:
The initial impression I see is the bread and the olive and three glasses of wine. And then I see a man with a black leather jacket. I also see a woman with the red vest seating in the table behind it. The table is a little bit old because its surface is not very shiny. I guess the location should be some western country in Europe because it served olive and several wines. I don't think there's any common misconception of this image. 

这张照片我最初感觉就是一个小餐馆。我看到的是面包、橄榄和三杯葡萄酒。我一开始以为是葡萄，但是我仔细看了一下颜色和光泽，又看到了面包。我觉得那些不是葡萄，是橄榄。在桌子的另外一边，我看到一个穿着黑色皮夹克的男人。我还看到一个穿着红色背心的女人坐在后面的桌子上。桌子有点旧了，因为表面不太亮。我猜应该是欧洲某个西方国家，因为桌子上摆放着橄榄和几款葡萄酒。这张照片给我的感觉是一个小酒馆，因为从穿黑色皮夹克的人和后面红色背心女人的距离，我感觉距离不远。而且这家餐厅没有桌布。我觉得这张照片应该没有什么常见的误解。这张照片给我的感觉是我也想找个小餐馆吃饭。


Q2:
The first impression of this image is the houses are really old. I can then see a hill in far away. The first impression is this might be in Africa, because the house is really simple. Then I see some text content on the wall of one houses. I just realize I see a pipe on the ground means there is a sewing system in this place. Then I realize the hourse must be in a european country. The emotion is peaceful. Because I see there's no light color on the window and doors. I don't see any misconceptions about the contents of this image.

这幅图给我的第一印象是这些房子很简陋，让我想到非洲的那种很破旧的房子。我看到右边墙上有个标牌，可能是路名。不像是英语， 然后往下我看到了下水道的个盖子，才意识到这个房子应该没有我想的那么破。仔细看了一下墙面，感觉还是很干净的。看到远处的山，我想这可能是一个很小的古老的镇子。我觉得根据标牌的文字，这里应该是欧洲的某个国家，因为文字不是英文。这幅图给我的感觉是压抑，因为我感觉窗户和门都黑洞洞的，没有什么生气。我没有发现这幅图有误解的地方。




Q3: 
The first impression of this picture is oh my God those are so many stuff. Looks like it's a market for grocery and then I see the ceiling for this market is based on some metal frame and then I see the ham hanging in one of the stores. I see the aisle in the market and I see several people standing in the hallway in this market. There are a lot of food in this market, and I see some text on the stores to which is a store name. Based on the text, I see which is English. I think it's in a English speaking country. The subtle detail is that I see there are some colorful pattern in the ceiling of the market. I think it must represent some common stuff in this area, but I don't know what it is. I don't see any common misconceptions from this image.

这张照片给我的第一印象是，天哪，东西太多了。看起来像是一个大的菜市场，然后我看到这个市场的天花板是基于一些金属框架的，感觉有些简陋。然后我看到很多腌制过的火腿挂在其中一家商店里。这个火腿的店铺前有两个人。我看到市场上的过道，看到几个人站在这个市场的走廊里。这个市场上有很多食物。我看到商店上有一些文字，上面是商店名称。我不能确定是哪个国家的文字。微妙的细节是，我看到市场的天花板上有一些彩色图案。我想这一定代表了这个地区的一些常见的纹路，但我不知道它是什么。我没有从这张图片中看到任何常见的误解。从这张照片我猜是西班牙，因为看到了很多腌制的火腿。这个照片给我的感觉是，我饿了，因为看到很多吃的。


Q4: the first impression is that the food looks really delicious and yummy. It looks like a grilled chicken or pork but I think it's more like a chicken and I see baked potato and I see wine and I see a bottle of water, but I cannot read on text on the bottle. I see the text on the bottle.  I don't know whether it's English or not. In the background,  I see plate. There are some logo and a plate that has some blue circle as a decoration. I saw white tablecloth, which is really clean and I see a corner of a fork. The sutle details is I only see one plate of food. But I see 2 glasses, the drink is different. Based on the bottle next to it, I think that's water. The glass which is almost empty has water, because the liquid is transparent. The chicken is not eaten yet, which could means the person is a little thirsty, because the water is almost gone in the glass. Based on the water, wine and chicken, I think it's in european country or other western countries. I don't see any misconceptions. 


第一印象是食物看起来非常美味可口。看起来像烤鸡或烤猪肉，但我觉得更像鸡肉。我看到了烤土豆、葡萄酒和一个瓶子。我看到了瓶子上的文字，但不知道是不是英文。我看不懂瓶子上的文字，我猜瓶子里面装的是水。在背景中，我看到了盘子。盘子上有一个蓝色商标和一个带有蓝色圆圈装饰的样子。我看到了白色的桌布，非常干净。我还看到了叉子的一角。微妙的细节是，我只看到一盘食物。但我看到两个杯子，饮料不同。根据旁边的瓶子，我认为那是水。装水的杯子几乎空了，但是鸡肉还没有被吃过，这可能意味着这个人有点渴。根据水、葡萄酒和鸡肉，我认为它来自欧洲国家或其他西方国家。从这个图片中我没有发现任何误解。

Q5: 
The first impression for this picture is it's a black-and-white pictures because it doesn't have the color. It's a picture of a building in European style and I see the street light next to the building so means that it should close to one street. Based on the a lot of balconies, I think it's probably in Spain,  because I only saw the many balconies in Barcelona. Because the weather is relative warm. In German and the other European country the weather is a relative code so the building there don't have this many balconies. I see a tree with some leaves on the left corner of this picture means this could be taken in some warm weather, but I cannot tell whether it's daytime or nighttime because the picture could have a lot of light if you expose long enough. I don't see any misconceptions of this image.

这张照片给人的第一印象是黑白照片，因为它没有颜色。这是一张欧式建筑的照片，我看到建筑旁边的路灯，这意味着它应该靠近一条大的街道。基于许多阳台，我认为它可能在西班牙，因为我只看到巴塞罗那的许多阳台。因为天气相对温暖。在德国和其他欧洲国家，天气是相对冷一些的，所以那里的建筑没有这么多阳台。我看到这张照片左上角有一棵带叶子的树，这意味着这可能是在温暖的天气里拍摄的，但我无法判断这是白天还是晚上，因为如果曝光时间足够长，照片中可能会有很多光线。我不认为这张照片有什么误解。这张照片给我的感觉是压抑。这是因为这张照片的色调的导致的。根据这个房子的建筑风格，我觉得是欧洲的风格。

Q6: 
The initial impression in this picture these are two desserts in the plate and I see no test  this image. based on the color surrounded the desert my guess is that it might be the chocolate sauce. The plate is in the unusual shape. It's neither circle or rectangle or square, it's a shape hard to describe, but it's beautiful. I see white, no texture and the pattern tablecloth. Based on the number of plates on the table, my guess is there are multiple people in this meal. I think that's the subtleness of this picture. The misconception is on the right top corner. There's a box I don't know what it is.
. Based on the style of the desert, my guess is that the restaurant is in a Western country.
这张照片给人的第一印象是盘子里有两份甜点，看起来很好吃.我看不到任何文字。在盘子里的点心周围，有一圈酱汁，根据颜色，我猜可能是巧克力酱。盘子的形状很不寻常。它既不是圆形，也不是长方形或正方形，是不太对称的。显然这个盘子是特别设计过的，很漂亮。背景里，我看到的是纯白色的，没有纹理和带图案的桌布。根据桌上盘子的数量，我猜这顿饭中有两个客人。盘子里的甜点还没有被吃过。我看到图片左上角还有两个盘子，是普通的方形。我猜那个盘子里放的是正餐。我觉得难以理解是在右上角。有一个盒子，我不知道它是什么。根据甜点的风格，我猜这家餐厅位于西方国家。这张照片给我的感觉是我饿了，因为甜点看上去非常好吃的样子。

Q7: 
The initial impression on this picture is that it's in a city which is not small based on the building style.  And the picture might be taken in the morning because of the light on the building. It's like the sun is on the rise not sunset time. I see a man on a bicycle. My guess is that it is on the way to work. I see two cars with big yellow color on it, my guess that those are taxis and the traffic light is a relatively small so I'm sure it's not in America, because in America, there's no such a small traffic light. The misconception part is I think it should be in the daytime and then the sun is on the rise, but far away I see strong light. I don't know whether it's from the cars or something else. In the farway, there's a tall building and the shape of the building is very different because it's not symmetric. I see that the blue tag next to the street interception but I don't know what it is. There's a white strip on it. Because I think it's on the sunrise time this picture give me hope and wake up feeling. Another think I think it should be early in the day because even it's sunrise time there's not many people on the street. I guess it's way earlier than normal working hours. That's why the street looks so empty. 

这张照片给我的第一印象是清晨，有人在去上班的路上。从建筑来看，它位于一座不小的城市。而且，从建筑上的灯光来看，这张照片可能是在早晨拍摄的。感觉像是太阳正在升起，而不是日落时分。我看到一个男人骑着自行车，我猜他正在去上班的路上。我看到两辆车身是黄色的汽车，我猜是出租车。交通信号灯相对较小，所以我确定这不是在美国，因为在美国，没有这么小的交通信号灯。我误解的部分在于，我以为应该是在白天，然后太阳正在升起，但我在远处看到了强烈的光线。我不知道那是来自汽车还是其他什么。远处有一栋红色高楼，由于不对称，形状非常不同。我看到街道旁边有一个蓝色的指示牌，但我不知道它是什么。上面有一条白色的标记。因为我觉得当时正值日出时分，这张照片给了我希望和清醒的感觉。另外，我觉得时间应该很早，因为即使是日出时分，街上也没多少人。我猜这比平时上班时间早多了。所以街道看起来才这么空旷。我没有看到什么让我觉得难以理解的地方。

Q8: 
The initial impression of this picture is there are two female dancers who wear the traditional Spanish dress and the dress usually is for flamingo dance. Based on the readiness of their make up, I think they are going to do a show. I see several stairs. I think this should be next to a very big building. Also I see a paved road. I think the location should be a big city, but I don't know which country could be. It's a daytime based on the color of the picture. The picture gave me the emotion as exciting because the flamingo dance is usually with a lot of excitement in it. The misconception part in this picture is I don't know what these two women are looking at. It seems that they are looking something behind themselves. Might be something interesting or important to them. 

这张照片给我的第一印象是有人要跳舞了，有两位女舞者穿着传统的西班牙服饰，这种服饰通常是跳弗拉明戈舞时穿的。根据她们妆容的准备程度，我想她们要准备表演。我看到几级楼梯。我想这应该在一栋很大的建筑旁边。我还看到一条铺好的路。我想地点应该是一个大城市。我猜测是西班牙。因为弗拉明戈舞蹈来自西班牙。根据照片的颜色，这是白天。这张照片给我的感觉很激动，因为弗拉明戈舞通常都充满了艺术的气氛。这张照片的误解之处在于我不知道这两个女人在看什么。她们似乎在看身后的东西。可能是一些对她们有趣或重要的东西。我没有看到什么让我觉得难以理解的地方。我看到她们两个人都穿着披肩，我猜天气有点冷。

Q9:
The initial impression is that the weather is really good and because I can see the shade of the building on the paved road. It means it's really a sunny day. The emotion of this picture is excitement because it's a sunny day. I don't see any text in this picture and I see a very tall bell tower in the back of this pictures. I see several buildings and I see several trees with green leaves so I guess it's not in the winter based on how many clothes the people in the picture wear. My guess is it's probably spring or later spring, but it's not a summertime. The person with glasses is looking at the his phone. The misconception part is on the left bottom corner there is a box, looks like some music instrument box, maybe it's for violin. I guess that the person next to it maybe try to get some money by playing some music.

这张照片给我最初的印象是天气非常好，因为我可以看到铺好的道路上建筑物的阴影。这意味着今天真是个阳光明媚的日子。这张照片传达的情感是高兴，因为今天是阳光明媚的日子。让我的心情很好。我在照片中看不到任何文字。我看到照片后面有一座很高的钟楼。我看到几栋建筑，看到几棵绿叶的树，所以根据照片中人们穿的衣服数量，我猜现在不是冬天。我猜可能是春天或晚春，但不是夏天。戴眼镜的人正在看他的手机。我觉得难以理解的部分是在左下角有一个盒子，看起来像某种乐器盒，也许是放小提琴的。我猜旁边的人可能想通过演奏音乐来赚点钱。但是我看不清是什么乐器。 我觉得图片中的陆应该不能走汽车，因为道路很不规则。

Q10
The initial impression is that the weather is really gloomy. Feels like it's going to rain because I see a lot of  a black grey colored cloud. I see this wall like stuff, but it's outside building. Maybe it's in some sacred place, but I don't know where it is. I see some cars. My guess is that it might be some tourism places. The picture give me dangerous feeling because it looks like it's going to have a heavy rain. I see very few people are walking next to this wall like stuff. The missed conception of this picture is this major object in the picture. It looks like really long and tall based on the size of the human. This wall like object is huge. I could not identify country, region or community in this picture.

最初的印象是天气非常阴沉。感觉要下雨了，因为我看到很多黑灰色的乌云。我看到了图中央一个像墙一样，但是有很多门洞的墙。图中央的建筑物很长很高大，也许它是某个神圣的地方。但我不知道它是什么。我看到一些汽车。我猜可能是一些旅游景点。这张照片给我一种危险的感觉，因为天色阴沉，乌云密布，但是从墙的光线来看又很明亮，有种要下大雨的感觉，但是感觉路上的行人好像没有任何要躲雨的感觉。我看到少量的行人在这堵墙旁边行走。我无法在这张照片中识别出国家、地区或社区。这张照片最令我疑惑的就是中间这个高大的建筑物是什么。

Q11:
The initial impression is this might be a show outside of the building because I can see people standing behind the bar and I also see some young people sitting behind it. It's not as a seat in the theater. The picture gave me a feeling as exciting because the women was doing the traditional flamingo dance and it also looks like she is doing a spinning so that the dress is flying above the paved road. The man sitting behind is playing a guitar. Because so many people are standing in there and looking at the performance I guess is that the performance is really exciting. There's no misconception part in this image.


这张照片给我的感觉是有人在街头卖艺。我看到图片上面有一些人站着在看图中央的女舞者跳弗拉明戈舞。也看到一些年轻人坐在一个台子上面。这不像是剧院里。所以是户外。这张照片给我的感觉很激动人心的，因为照片里的女人在跳传统的弗拉明戈舞，而且她似乎在旋转。裙子在铺好的路面上飘扬。通过照片里面裙子的拖影，我觉得女舞者在快速旋转。坐在后面的男人正在弹吉他。因为有这么多人站在那里观看表演，我猜这场表演一定很精彩。我看到弹吉他的人旁边有辆自行车，我怀疑是弹吉他的人的。这张照片里没有任何误解的地方。

Q12:
The initial impression for this picture is that it is in a very broad space. Then I think it looks like a square area, but there are some green cones. The feeling of this picture is happiness because I see two big bunches of balloons. I guess someone are spelling them to the kids. And also the weather is really sunny. The blue sky shows no pollution. Looks like people are having really good time over there. I think they are really relaxed.  I don't see any text in this picture. I think it's in the European countries or Western developed  countries, but I don't know where it is. it doesn't show anything religious. I think the misconception of this picture is a green cone. I don't know whether it's movable or what's the usage of it.

这张照片给我的第一印象是它位于一个非常宽阔的空间。然后我觉得它看起来像一个方形的广场，但是有一些绿色的锥体放在地面上。这张照片给人的感觉是欢快的，因为我看到两大束气球。我猜有人正在给孩子们卖气球。根据气球的数量，我觉得这个广场上可能经常卖气球。天气真的很晴朗。蓝天看上去没有污染。看起来那里的人们玩得很开心。我觉得他们真的很放松。我在照片上看不到任何文字的东西。我想这是在欧洲国家或西方发达国家，但我不知道它在哪里。它没有表现出任何宗教色彩。我认为这张照片难以理解的是很多绿色的锥体。我不知道它是否可以移动或者它有什么用途。图片右边的远处有一个尖顶的建筑物，不知道是不是钟楼。

Q13
The initial impression for this picture is scary because I never see this many pig legs in a picture. I think those are Spanish ham. I see some words which is not in English and I see numbers and I see the pricec for those hams. From left to right, it is from the most expensive hams to the cheapest ham. The most expensive ham is twice price of the cheapest one. The initial feeling from this picture is scary because those are pig legs. After looking closely. The feeling is delicious and I'm really want to find some ham to eat. I think this should be in Spain because Spain is famous for this kind of ham. There is no misconception in this image. 

这张照片给我的第一印象很可怕，因为我从来没有在一张照片中见过这么多完整的猪腿。仔细一看，我想那些是西班牙火腿。我看到一些不是英语的单词，看到数字，看到这些火腿的价格。从左到右，是从最贵的火腿到最便宜的火腿。最贵的火腿的价格是最便宜的火腿的两倍。这张照片给我的第一感觉很可怕，因为那么多的猪腿。仔细一看，感觉很美味，我真的很想找一些火腿来吃。我认为这应该是在西班牙，因为西班牙以这种火腿而闻名。图片中有一个显示着99的电子的东西，我猜会不会是从来称重的。因为火腿是要吊着才好称重的。这张图片没有让我觉得奇怪的地方。

Q14
The initial impression from this picture is sad because the weather is gloomy and gray. I see a bunch of old people in the center of the picture. I see several green trees in the picture which are trimmed really well. I think this should be a small town in some western countries. One thing I noticed that majority people in this picture are old people. I don't know whether it's because it is a small town and all the young people went to big cities for work. The details is there are some windows are covered by some blinds. This could be two reasons. One there will be a strong wind and rain. The other is it was really sunny and those windows will face the sun. Based on the picture, I think it could be the first reason. There is no misconception in this picture.

这张照片给人的第一印象是阴沉的，因为天气阴沉灰暗。我看到照片中央有一群老人。照片里有几棵修剪得很整齐的绿树。楼房不高也没有什么华丽的装饰。我认为这应该是西方国家的小镇。而且两个小楼还是有点脏的样子。但是树修剪的非常漂亮。图中间有一个雕像，我猜这里可能是小镇比较重要的地点。我注意到照片中的大多数人都是老人。我不知道是不是因为这是一个小镇，所有的年轻人都去大城市工作了。细节是有些窗户被百叶窗遮住了。这可能有两个原因。一是会有大风大雨。另一个原因是天气非常晴朗，那些窗户会朝着太阳。根据这张照片，我认为这可能是第一个原因，有大风大雨。这张照片没有误解的地方。

Q15
The initial impression is this picture has a really beautiful bridge in it and the weather is really good. I think the weather should be in late spring because I see red flowers. The sky is blue so it's a sunny day. In the background, I see a lot of houses, but they are not very high. It feels like over there, it is a small town. The shape of the bridge is really interesting. A haflmoon shaped frame at the top and it is perfectly curved. There are a lot of wires from the frame, it feels that those wires are holding the bridge. I didn't see any text in this picture. I cannot tell which country is in this picture. The feeling from this picture is peaceful and make me want to travel to this small town.  I didn't see any misconception in this picture.


这张照片给我的第一印象是阳光明媚，春意盎然。桥真的很漂亮，而且天气也很好。我想当时应该是晚春，因为我看到了红色的花。天空是蓝色的，所以天气非常晴朗。在背景中，我看到了很多房子，但它们不是很高。感觉那边是一个小镇。桥的形状很漂亮。顶部是一个半月形的框架，框架有着很完美的弧形。框架上有很多线，感觉就像是这些线支撑着这座桥。我在照片中没有看到任何文字。我无法分辨照片中是哪个国家。这张照片给人一种宁静的感觉，让我很想去这个小镇旅行。我没有在这张照片中看到任何误解。

